Indicate mercurial is "required" for nss build (#470)
mozilla/neqo: README.md

on NSS, you need to set `$\[DY]LD\_LIBRARY\_PATH` to point to
`$NSS_DIR/../dist/Debug/lib`.

> Note: If you did not compile nss separately, you should have mercurial installed on your machine in order for nss to build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: If you did not compile NSS separately, you need to have mercurial (hg), installed.
NSS builds require gyp, and ninja (or ninja-build) to be present also.
```
